Add legal edit for custom fonts in drag-and-drop email style settings (#6513)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/drag_and_drop/dnd_email_style_settings.md

Gmail does not support custom fonts, so your custom font may display as a default system font. For other email platforms, check that your custom font displays correctly prior to sending your email messaging.
{% endalert %}

> Please be aware that the custom font provider may collect personal data from your recipients. You should review your font provider's policies prior to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that the custom font provider may collect personal data from your recipients. You should review your font provider's policies prior to use.
```

> Please be aware that the custom font provider may collect personal data from your recipients. You should review your font provider's policies prior to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the custom font provider may collect personal data from your recipients. You should review your font provider's policies prior to use.
```
Unsure if we want to avoid "please" in general, but here's a suggestion in case
